h1. Strappy

Bootstrap a Rails 2.3 app with a template

h2. Notes for anybody using older versions of Strappy

Branch shuffling.

  master => choosy
  golden => master
  authlogic is untouched
  restful_authentication is untouched

h3. What are these branches?

  * master is what we use ourselves, the explanation of what it has is this doc
  * "choosy":*\http://github.com/pixels-and-bits/strappy/tree/choosy is a template that allows you to choose your auth method from Authlogic, Clearance, restful_authentication or none
  * "authlogic":http://github.com/pixels-and-bits/strappy/tree/authlogic generates an app with authlogic code
  * "restful_authentication":http://github.com/pixels-and-bits/strappy/tree/restful_authentication generates an app with restful_authentication code

Keep in mind that once we decided on this setup the others have not been maintained.

h2. What does this thing have in it

  * "Haml":http://haml.hamptoncatlin.com/docs/haml views
  * "Sass":http://haml.hamptoncatlin.com/docs/sass stylesheets
  * "jQuery":http://jquery.com/ 1.3
  * "jQueryUI":http://jqueryui.com/ 1.7
  * "Blackbird":http://www.gscottolson.com/blackbirdjs/ for UI debugging
  * "CC.rb":http://cruisecontrolrb.thoughtworks.com/ rake task
  * "Capistrano":http://www.capify.org/ with Staging and Production environments
  * A default 'home' controller in place of index.html
  * A strappy rake task to install commonly used plugins, lifted from Bort and modified

Admittedly this thing kind of steps out side of the box in what I believe they intended application templates to do by bringing in controllers and specs.

h3. Gems

  * "authlogic":http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic/
  * "config_reader":http://github.com/UnderpantsGnome/config_reader-gem/tree to manage the app congiguration
  * "expose_model":http://github.com/UnderpantsGnome/expose_model/ to tidy up your controllers and views
  * "friendly_id":http://github.com/norman/friendly_id/ for pretty URLs
  * "gem_tools":http://github.com/UnderpantsGnome/gem_tools-gem/tree to manage gems and versions
  * "haml":http://github.com/nex3/haml/
  * "Rcov":http://github.com/spicycode/rcov/ to help make sure you are testing
  * "RSpec":http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec/ for testing
  * "will_paginate":http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate/ for pagination

h3. Installed plugins

  * "bundle-fu":http://github.com/timcharper/bundle-fu/ for tidy includes
  * "jRails":http://github.com/aaronchi/jrails/ to handle jQuery
  * "core_extensions":http://github.com/UnderpantsGnome/core_extensions/tree a bunch of common hacks I find myself using
  * "uberkit":http://github.com/mbleigh/uberkit/ to make forms less painful

h3. Plugins available through rake strappy:install

  * "acts_as_configurable":http://github.com/omghax/acts_as_configurable/
  * "acts_as_list":http://github.com/rails/acts_as_list/
  * "acts_as_rated":http://github.com/jasherai/acts-as-rated/
  * "acts_as_solr":http://github.com/railsfreaks/acts_as_solr/
  * "acts_as_taggable_on_steroids":http://github.com/jviney/acts_as_taggable_on_steroids/tree
  * "acts_as_textiled":http://github.com/defunkt/acts_as_textiled/
  * "acts_as_tree":http://github.com/rails/acts_as_tree/
  * "bundle_fu":http://github.com/timcharper/bundle-fu/
  * "open_id_authentication":http://github.com/rails/open_id_authentication/
  * "shoulda":http://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda/
  * "solr_pagination":http://github.com/dfl/solr_pagination/
  * "spawn":http://github.com/tra/spawn/
  * "textile_editor_helper":http://github.com/felttippin/textile-editor-helper/
  * "upload_column":http://github.com/toy/upload_column/
  * "workling":http://github.com/purzelrakete/workling/
  * "yaripe":http://github.com/tchandy/yaripe/

h3. Haml rake task

You can use rake haml:from:format to convert templates to Haml, where format would generally be erb or rhtml

h3. Usage

  rails -m http://github.com/pixels-and-bits/strappy/raw/master/base.rb app_name